My contributions include:
* **Map UI on Main App page**: I implemented the Apple Maps UI on the app's main homepage that allows users to browse local food spots using an easy-to-use map interface. In addition to using React Native Maps to display restaurant locations on the map, I implemented a filter bar on the top of hte screen to filter restaurants by cuisine type and categories that are available on the app. I also added a search bar to search for food spot names by their name or cuisine type. For the map feature, I implemented a recenter button to recenter the map on the user's current location if they accept the app to user their location. When the user clicks on a food spot on the map, I programmed a card component to display the food spot details when a food spot is tapped on. On the food spot cards, I programmed it to display the overall average rating and study spot rating for easy viewing by the user. To determine the precise location of each food spot on the map UI, I implemented geocoding to get the latitude and longitude of each restaurant for accurate map markers. Lastly, there is a navigation button from the Map UI for each food spot to visit the selected food spot profile page.
* **Restaurants Profile pages + Study Spot Rating**: I implemented navigation to food spot pages for each spot on the explore page, and implemented a basic profile page for each food spot with Google Maps opening on pressing Directions button. I also updated the food spot profile page to show the overall study spot rating based on user's rating and shows the study spot average rating for how well of a study spot the food spot is (based on certain factors like lighting, Wifi availability, seating availability, etc.). The ranking feature has an additional section in "rank visit" that asks user to select what study spot offerings there are at the food spot (e.g. outlets available, free wifi, etc.). After adding study spot ratings, my implementation updates restaurants profile page where there is a study spot offerings section under contact information that shows the selected study spot offerings for the food spot based on user ratings.
* **Category System + User Profile Page**: I implemented category saving and viewing system, adding functionality to select a category when saving a food spot. The categories include sit-down, coffee-matcha, dessert, fast food, bars and drinks. On profile page, user is able to view their saved spots, and filter each category to see specific saved spots for that specific category.
* **Testing**: For HW04, I am contributing to the development of a testing suite to thoroughly test our app.
